British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 6: A2 Review, Fluency and Functional Tasks.
Lesson 6: A2 Review, Fluency and Functional Tasks: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a writing task about free time.
Today you will practise language connected to free time.
Target language: going to.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for a2 review, fluency and functional tasks. You will learn useful language connected to free time and practise going to. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.